All right.
So we're going to get started on the clean cut theme.
First thing we're going to do is start with the H.T. now we're going to create the bootstrap HDMI on
CSX and then we'll move on to converting it into a WordPress theme.
So Matt get bootstrapped dot com I'm just going to go ahead and download bootstrap
and we'll open that zip file up and they have a blank folder on my desktop called clean cut HDMI out
.
That's where we'll be creating the HDMI on site.
So what we're going to want to do is create a folder called CSX will also create a folder called japes
.
And while we're at it let's create the images folder.
OK so we're going to do is get the bootstrap don't see a spring that over to our CSSA file.
Same thing with the bootstrap javascript file.
All right.
And then we're going to create an index page
.
We'll go ahead and open that up.
And let's also create our style sheet.
So we'll call this style thought CSX and open that up as well.
All right.
So let's get some space age e-mail tags in here.
Title and just kind of say clean cut theme we're going to want to bring in the bootstraps DSS as well
as our custom CSSA file
cabinets.
Copy that.
And actually while we're at it we might as well grab animate Dotsie SS which we're going to use for
our animations.
OK so let's see.
Download
Let's save that file
and then we're just going to cut that and then we'll bring it to our theme.
All right our template folder
which is
here.
OK so that'll go in our CSSA folder as well.
All right.
Now for the images you should have an images folder in your project files.
So we have the showcase image the default banner image and then these three smartphone images are going
to grab all of those and we're going to bring them to the imagery folder.
OK.
So enough to worry about that later on.
All right.
So back to the HVM now.
We're also going to want to include the animate CSSA file
.
Next think we're going to want is a nav bar so I'm going to go to get bootstrap.
Let's go to getting started.
And then examples and right here starter template.
Just going to look at the source code.
I'm going to grab that now.
Bye.
OK.
Couple of things I want to change now of our inverse to now by default.
That's going to make it white or light gray.
I'm going to keep the nav bar fixed top because I want it to always be displayed.
Project Name.
We can change that to clean cut theme and the links I want these to be on the right side.
I'm going to add a class right here called nav bar right.
All right we'll have the home
we'll have about
blog
and some of the stuff might be changed when we actually create theme.
But I think that's good for now so let's take a look
.
OK so open that up with Chrome.
Looks like it's not seeing the CSX
Oh let's put a dot right here dot slash.
All right.
So there's our nav bar that looks pretty good.
Now we're going to work on the showcase.
So right under the Nav. we're going to create a section and we're going to give this class of Roe and
also showcase
.
OK.
Now inside here we're going to have a container
carrying the container we're going to have a 12 column div
.
OK then we're going to have a div with the class of showcase content
and will have an H1
will have a paragraph from the class of lead.
And in here we'll just say a custom word press theme by you.
All right.
And then we're going to have our three buttons.
I'm going to paste those in.
They're not actually buttons they're just links that have the button classes.
All right so let's indent this.
Make it look a little nicer
.
OK.
So if we take a look at that nothing special yet.
And you can see it's tucked underneath the nav bar will fix that.
Actually we'll fix that right now in the style sheet.
Let's say body and we just want to say padding top 50 pixels OK.
And the reason it did that is because we have this set to the Nav. are set to fixed.
So it's always going to be over the content.
OK next we're going to have one of the sections.
So if we look at the actual theme and pull that up real quick
.
OK so we have these these blog posts and what we're going to do is we're going to have this b.s. a with
the gray background.
This will be Section B and then it'll just switch.
Ok every other section.
So let's go ahead and I'm actually going to just paste this.
OK.
So this is Section A.
Basically we have a container with a row and then we have a five column div or six and it's a small
.
When it's when the browser is small and then we have the five column over here which has the image.
This one just has the H-2 and the paragraph.
Ok so pretty simple.
And then I'll paste in the next one which will have a class of Section B.
Ok same thing it's just the orientations a little different.
And then we'll have one more.
This also has s.a and just has a different text and the image is different.
OK so we're using the pick one pick two and pick three dot j peg files which you should have in your
project files.
So if we look at it now it should look something like this.
So next is the bottom banner.
And I'm going to paste that and right now and I'm not typing it all out just to save some time.
It's nothing really that you guys don't know.
So just doing some pasting in.
So we have a section with the class of banner that has a container.
We have one row here with a six column div with some text.
We have another six column div which has a well which has the buttons the way the social media links
.
All right.
So if we save that should look something like that right now obviously this doesn't look very good.
We'll have to style it afterwards.
I just want to get the initial H team out.
So the last part we're going to need here is the footer.
OK so I'll paste that in.
So we're using a foot or tag container.
We have a 12 column div here with a UL that has a class of list in line and we just have a paragraph
with some copyright stuff.
OK so I'll save that reload.
And now the HTL for the index page is complete.
So we can now create the About page which will represent the inner pages
.
All right.
So let's open that up.
OK and I'm just going to copy what we have in the index.
All right.
And then we'll just going to get rid of some stuff.
OK we don't want this showcase.
We don't want.
Actually really you know what we all we want here is from the nav bar up and then the footer so we can
get rid of any everything in between.
OK.
Now we're going to want a titlebar which is going to have the name of the page.
Also if there's child pages it'll have a menu with those.
So we're going to paste this in Section give the class of Roe and titlebar.
It has a six column div with the title and then another six column with whatever that sub nav menu.
All right so save that go to about and it should look something like that.
So next we're going to have the main content in the sidebar so we're going to paste this in it's a section
class of row and page.
We have an eight column div that's where the main content goes.
And then a for column div with the side bar.
I'm also using a well class which is a bootstrap class.
So if we save that in I can see we have the main content in the sidebar.
Now we're also going to have that big area down here with the with the icons and that will be a widget
.
So we're going to go ahead and paste that in as well.
And this is actually a lot of aged here Miles so if you want to pause the video and kind of copy it
we have a div with the class where using Section 8 to give us that gray background the animation classes
I'm not going to put in yet.
We're going to do that after we have a row with three.
Let's see.
We have six four column divs.
Each one has a div with box content left aligned left box icon.
So it is quite a bit of styling here.
So you just want to get that copied.
We have a title we have a paragraph.
And of course we have the icon.
All right so that's one two three four five six of those.
OK six four column divs.
So let's save that.
Take a look.
OK so we're not seeing the icons yet because we haven't implemented font.
Awesome which we can do now.
Yeah let's do that now.
OK.
So we want to click download
and you could use the CD and if you want but I'm just going to get the file so we want to see us and
we want that file there.
So let's bring that over
.
And then let's also bring over the fonts folder
and then we'll go back and we just want to include the CSSA file
area save that reload.
And now we have our icons.
Now obviously they're too small and the styling is incorrect.
But we're going to get to that after.
So now we have the the blog page.
So let's go ahead and create that
.
So the blog Daut aged him out.
We'll open that up and we're going to copy what we have in index.
I am going to change a few things.
We don't want this showcase.
So we're going to get rid of that whole section.
OK we will need a titlebar.
So let's get that from the about page
.
Will just change this to blog.
Then we have our section A's and B's.
So that should be good let's save that.
And that's what the blog page will look like for now.
Oh actually you know what we want to put the matter.
The meta info in and the read more so on blog H.T. male Let's go.
We might as well
know we'll leave the H2 alone we'll just have to read more.
So let's put that down.
We want that on this side.
So right under the paragraph
some bootstrap classes
.
And I will just say read more and we're going to copy that.
Put that on each of these sections.
Right under the paragraph K we're also going to need the matter in Phroso that's going to go under the
H2 space they are in cages to deal with the class of matter.
Right.
All right.
So that should be good for the blog page and then for a single that will be the last page will create
here
to HTML and let's open that up
and then when we copy what we have in the About page
paste that in case we don't want the bottom area here with the icons so we're going to get rid of that
whole section.
We do want the side bar in sets.
Let's change this to post title and then we'll have the post content here we're going to want the meta
data to go
right above the content
.
OK.
And this will also have an image.
So let's put the image right above the matter so I will say image source.
See I am g.
Slash.
Pick one dog Jay peg.
All right.
Let's actually wrap that in a div with the class of post thumbnail
.
All right so if we click on read more takes us to the single page which doesn't look very good right
now but we'll style that in the next video.
All right.
Let's see.
Let's change the active class in the men you can see we're on the above page with the home is still
highlighted.
So we'll go to about we'll go to the menu and let's take this class active and put it here.
OK will do the same thing on the blog HTML page
.
All right.
So in the next video we're going to do two things we're going to style it.
We're also going to add the animation classes so that we can use animate dots ss.
All right so I'll see you in the next video.